[tense music playing]
‐ I heard about the player
who won the special privilege
of organizing for‐profit matches
within D‐Game.
‐ A lot of customers
are interested
in martial arts battles
that allow Sigils.
These fights
are relatively safe
compared to other
in‐game matches,
so that’s a bonus.
Normally,
a duel between you and me
would attract
a pretty big audience,
but it’s only us here today.
‐ So are there any rules, or is
it literally anything goes?
‐ Anything goes.
The idea of challenging
your opponent
with no limitations whatsoever
comes from the Brazilian
fighting style of Vale Tudo.
But "no holds barred" means
something different to everyone.
For me, I’m a martial artist,
so I don’t use tools.
‐ So the "anything goes"
just applies to me, then.
Sweet. I’ll take
any handicap I can get.
‐ You can use your Sigil,
weapons, anything you want.
That said, I have two requests,
no destroying the building,
and no intentional killing.
Does that sound like
a fair fight to you, kid?
‐ Oh, so if I kill you
by accident, that’s okay?
‐ You’ll be the referee, Inukai.
‐ Me? Really?
I can’t referee
the Master’s match.
Come on!
Okay. This’ll be
a 10‐minute match,
so I’ll start the timer now.
The duel is over when one of you
can’t or won’t fight anymore.
‐ Intentional killing‐‐
‐ KANAME: Real quick.
When do I get to start
using my Sigil?
DANJO: Whenever you like.
We’ll use the activation
of your power
as the signal
to start the match.
‐ Hey, wait a second. Do you
want me to be the ref or not?
‐ Here we go!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Inukai was right.
You’ve got excellent reflexes
and plenty of resolve.
Not bad at all.
But you still haven’t proved
you’re worthy of an alliance!
‐ Relax.
I’m just getting started.
[Japanese music playing]
‐ Looks like
I showed up
at a good time.
‐ I’m surprised
you’re here.
Did you meet up
with that insurance guy?
‐ Yes. The whole thing
went off without a hitch.
So how are things going
over here?
‐ Slow.
They just started the fight.
[energy crackles]
‐ Did I kill him?
I thought it would take
more than a couple grenades.
And I was right!
Whoa!
‐ He’s quick on his feet.
A gunfighter like him
is a martial artist’s weakness,
but can he attack
at this range?
‐ [grunts]
INUKAI:
It’s a pretty close match.
He’s survived for this long
because of his Sigil,
but Master hasn’t used his
even once yet.
What’s gonna happen?
‐ The machete’s new.
What is that,
your little secret weapon?
‐ This is nothing.
I’m full of fun surprises!
‐ I’ll give you one thing.
You’re keeping me on my toes!
‐ Since when does Kaname
have a Skorpion?
That’s a good gun.
‐ You really know
your stuff, Analyst.
Don’t go selling
Kaname’s info now.
‐ Come on.
Do you actually think
I’m that kind of person?
‐ Well, you’re not the only one
who’s been hard at work
during all of this.
He picked up that gun and blade
from an arms dealer I know.
He needed more firepower,
and that was
the fastest way to do it.
‐ [sighs] Did you
take him to Lee’s?
‐ [grunts]
‐ That place is such a rip‐off.
‐ You do know everything!
Remind me
not to get on your bad side.
And, yeah, my old buddy’s place
is a little cheaper
than that, but...
‐ You mean the one in Shibuya?
Good thinking.
It’s probably safer for us
to stay away
from Eighth Clan territory.
‐ Am I that easy to figure out?
Either way,
looks like it’s working.
He’s holding his own against
the fourth‐best D‐Game player.
‐ Yes, naturally,
a submachine gun
is effective
against an unarmed opponent.
It’s certainly helping him
keep his distance.
Problem is, Kaname’s already
laid all his cards on the table,
and Danjo still
hasn’t revealed his Sigil.
That’s not good.
If something
doesn’t change soon,
I’m not sure whether this
alliance is going to pan out.
KANAME: Damn it.
I’m running out of ideas.
Here’s one more grenade.
Crap! He saw it coming!
No way.
How is he that strong?
‐ I hope you’re ready.
[grunting]
‐ [yells]
[groans]
[gasps]
‐ I’d keep going,
but that would be
just too cruel.
‐ Yeah? I thought we weren’t
gonna hold anything back!
‐ He’s blowing himself up?
Wall Iron!
This’ll make me
hard as tungsten!
[crackling]
The hand grenade was a bluff.
You used a flashbang instead.
So your victories against
A‐rankers weren’t just luck.
‐ Well, blowing myself up
would only get me so far.
Have you had enough already?
‐ All right, kid,
you’ve won me over!
I’ve decided you have
what it takes to be my ally!
That said, I’m not ready
for the fun to end yet!
Let’s go!
‐ This hasn’t been fun for me,
but okay!
[gasps]
[slice]
Did I just d‐‐
[gasps]
‐ You just love fighting with
those energy swords, don’t you?
They’re not
as discreet as you think.
‐ [chuckles]
Two men playing grab‐ass.
KANAME: Who’s that?
And when did she get here?
‐ He’s even more impressive
than he was on video.
‐ Is she a friend of Danjo’s
or something?
‐ Oh, dear. Xuelan’s involved.
She isn’t a bad person.
She’s just
a bit troublesome at times.
‐ Xuelan?
As in the number‐one player?
‐ That’s right.
‐ My name is Liu Xuelan.
Be honored, for I have come here
to claim you as my own.
[slams table]
‐ What do you mean,
Kaname’s been kidnapped?
You just stood there
and watched?
‐ Of course I didn’t!
I hate to say it,
but I couldn’t do a thing!
‐ Before I knew it, Kaname
was out cold on the gym floor.
Then she gave us one look,
and bam,
we were unconscious too!
‐ What are you saying?
That makes no sense!
RYUJI:
I don’t understand either!
‐ Whoever she is, it sounds
like her Sigil’s really scary.
‐ Actually, that ability doesn’t
come from her Sigil at all.
‐ Seriously?
‐ She was using that technique
before she had
anything to do with D‐Game.
According to Danjo,
it’s a practice
that originated
in ancient Eastern martial arts.
When her "energy swords"
hit their target,
the effect is like
a simulated death.
I don’t want
to believe it, but...
SHUKA: How can we be sure that
Danjo is trustworthy, though?
Because it kinda sounds
like he laid a trap for Kaname.
‐ Not true.
It’s obvious that Danjo
considers Xuelan to be an ally,
and maybe she’s even
something of a mentor to him,
but he seemed
as surprised as we were.
‐ I’m not sure if I’m
willing to believe that.
RYUJI: Either way,
Kaname’s our leader.
We have to figure something out.
‐ That’s a given.
We’re getting him back,
no matter what it takes.
‐ But we don’t even know
where to look for him.
SHUKA: Not to worry, Sui.
‐ [gasps]
‐ The hard part’s done,
’Cause I
tracked him down myself.
[car engine rumbling]
‐ Just untie me, and we’ll
talk this over like grownups.
Liu Xuelan.
You’re the highest‐ranked
player in D‐Game,
so what the hell
could you want with me?
‐ Call me Xuelan.
I’ll call you Kaname.
I much prefer
not to stand on ceremony.
‐ Okay, but don’t you think
tying me up is overdoing it?
‐ No, I’m taking
the appropriate precautions.
I can’t risk letting you
use that Sigil of yours.
Finally, someone who’s more fit
to be an assassin than I am.
‐ Assassin?
‐ I’ve also been
called a hit woman.
Same thing, really.
‐ A hit woman?
‐ I come from a long line
of assassins
that goes back
more than 2,000 years.
Through the ages,
we’ve influenced history
from the shadows.
No matter the era,
there’s always a demand
for the work I do.
‐ Whatever.
Just tell me what you’re after.
I figure if you
wanted to kill me,
you would have
just done it already!
‐ Of course.
I’ll get straight to the point.
I want to employ you.
‐ Employ me?
‐ Trust me, I’ll have
plenty of challenging tasks
to keep you busy.
But once you know
what the reward is,
I believe you’ll find
that it’s worth your while.
‐ Give me a break.
There’s no way I’m gonna
kill people for money.
‐ Do you have any idea
how gifted you are?
‐ Huh?
‐ Just an average high‐schooler
unknowingly harboring
a great talent,
until D‐Game allowed you
to fully manifest it.
‐ I’m guessing
you’re talking about my Sigil?
‐ Oh, don’t play dumb.
A good Sigil
is just icing on the cake.
Surely you realize by now.
Your real talent is for combat.
Specifically war,
the most brutal kind.
You have more potential
for that than anyone.
When you face your enemy
and rush into battle
with your vast arsenal
of weapons at your fingertips,
your body is
overwhelmed with euphoria,
but your mind remains
stone‐cold sober to the core.
‐ Are you crazy?
‐ Those who are capable enough
to truly step up
and shine in a war zone
are few and far between.
Luckily, you’re sitting
with the one person alive
who can take your talent
and develop it
into something unbelievable.
It just so happens my family
has recently been thinking
about welcoming a successor.
‐ You can’t be serious.
‐ Of course I’m serious.
It would be such a tragedy to
let our skills die out with me.
Therefore,
I would very much like
to bear your child.
Doing so would ensure
the stability
of the next generation.
‐ That was either a joke
or the worst pickup line
in the world.
‐ [radio crackles]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Pardon me, My Lady,
but we’re being chased.
Shall I shake them off?
[dramatic music playing]
‐ He’s in the car, and it
looks like he’s unharmed!
REIN: Apparently,
the transmitter I placed on him
has been destroyed,
but his cell phone’s
still intact.
‐ Thanks for that.
It’s a good thing
you’re always
one step ahead, Rein.
‐ I had a feeling we would
run into something like this.
Kaname stood out too much
during the Treasure Hunt event.
‐ That’s enough chitchat!
Floor it, already!
Just smash into them!
[dramatic music playing]
‐ So my threat
didn’t scare them away?
You’re quite
a popular young man.
There must be
some affection there.
Or they’re just stubborn fools.
But you’re not a fool, right?
So you know they have
no chance against me.
Tell them to retreat now.
[phone line ringing]
‐ SHUKA: Kaname?
‐ Shuka, hey!
‐ Is that you?
Are you all right?
‐ Cause a crash if you have to!
Just stop this car!
I’ll figure out the rest!
‐ [gasps]
You don’t know
when to give up, Kaname.
That’s all right.
I like that quality in a man.
‐ Listen,
I can see you’re a badass,
maybe even
the best assassin there is.
That’s why you’re
the top‐ranked player.
But there are a lot of problems
that can’t be solved
by killing people!
In fact, I’ve stayed
alive for this long
because I haven’t
taken any lives.
I refuse to obey someone
who only knows how to kill.
So how about this?
I challenge you
to escape my clan,
the Sunset Ravens,
without killing a single soul!
If you can do that,
I’ll be your employee,
your husband,
whatever you want!
‐ Really, now?
And how do I know you mean it?
‐ Are you kidding me?
I’d fall in love with any woman
who could pull off
an escape like that.
‐ Can’t this thing
go any faster?
I only bought this car
because you told me
it was quick and sturdy!
‐ I’ve got the pedal
to the metal, I swear!
Don’t worry. We’re closing in!
‐ I’m going
to shoot out their tires.
Please try to keep the car
as steady as possible.
‐ What about your injury?
‐ It’s all right. I was just
about to start rehab anyway.
‐ But, Rein,
is it safe to use guns?
The police might‐‐
‐ Sui, I need you to initiate
an Encounter Battle
in the D‐Game app!
‐ I get it. We can use
D‐Game’s concealment mode!
The clan battle’s starting now!
‐ Right on!
It’s time for our first fight
as the Sunset Ravens!
Let’s do this!
‐ I know this
isn’t important right now,
but where’d "Sunset Ravens"
come from?
What do ravens
have to do with us?
Who decided to call us that
and when?
‐ Hey, ravens are adorable!
‐ ’Cause they’re
the toughest birds in the world!
SUI: ...protect their families
so it make sense!
‐ All right.
Time to even the score.
Laplace!
It’s no good.
The tires are bulletproof.
We need to try something else!
RYUJI: They’re slowing down.
Hang on. I’ll catch up!
‐ No, this is close enough!
Let me take over from here.
‐ Keep tailing them!
‐ Roger!
‐ I see. Turns out
the source of your confidence
is this little thing.
If I can subdue her,
then you’ll be all mine.
‐ I’d tell you to surrender,
but I’m about to kill you,
so why bother?
‐ Oh, dear. Don’t you see
the gap in our abilities?
Let’s make this quick
so Kaname and I
can get back to talking
about him falling for me.
‐ Die!
‐ [chuckles]
I promised I wouldn’t kill.
I just want you
to feel the pain.
[gasps]
[rock music playing]
‐ It’s rare for an opponent
to be able to move
so soon after my energy sword
hits them.
And you’re such a young girl.
Aren’t you afraid to die?
‐ The way I see it,
if I didn’t want to die,
I shouldn’t have
been born at all.
RYUJI: Does Shuka
have the upper hand,
or is she just buying time?
Can we win this match
if we play our cards right?
‐ She’s evading my spears
like it’s nothing.
No surprise
that she’s number one.
I need to disarm her!
Now!
Gotcha!
[gasps]
‐ Did Shuka knock her
off the car or what?! Tell me!
SHUKA: Keep your guard up!
It’s not over!
‐ [gasps]
‐ She’s about to strike!
Make some space!
‐ Damn it,
this chick is so stubborn!
[tires squealing]
‐ Back off!
[drill whirs]
‐ No, My Lady!
‐ Ryuji, you have to keep
the car moving straight!
‐ I’m trying, but it’s
not cooperating with me!
I think she must have messed
with the steering somehow!
‐ Don’t lose her! [gasps]
‐ I’d say we’re about done.
I’ve enjoyed our playtime,
little girls.
REIN: Those finger bullets
are so fast.
Even with Laplace,
I can’t react in time!
‐ No way! We’re not finished!
‐ Face facts.
I’ve got you
exactly where I want you.
‐ We’re not
out of options just yet!
The real fight starts now!
‐ [laughs] Sota!
[Sota gasps]
‐ Use your Sigil
when I tell you to!
‐ She miscalculated
in some way.
She won’t reach me
from that range.
And if she can’t restrain me
with her weapons, then...
‐ [gasps]
‐ Do it!
‐ Castor Light!
[tires squealing]
‐ Everybody hold on!
‐ [grunts]
[sparks crackling]
[engine hisses]
‐ Shuka! Are you okay?
‐ Kaname!
Thank goodness!
That girl didn’t molest you,
did she?
‐ She sure as hell tried.
Wait. Where’d she go?
‐ Well, look at you.
You’ve actually put together
a decent team.
‐ Yeah, and we beat you,
so you have to honor our deal.
‐ Oh, that’s adorable.
After the way things played out,
do you honestly believe
you can claim the win?
We both know that
your greatest asset in battle
is dangling
from that beam over there,
which means this area
is under my control.
‐ She’s right.
Shuka’s the only one
on her level.
‐ I’m ready to hear
your admission of defeat now.
‐ With all due respect,
Madam, we lost this match.
‐ And what on Earth
makes you think that, Ximing?
‐ For one thing,
I’m concerned about the damage
our car suffered
in this confrontation.
It would be dangerous
to drive it
without having it inspected.
And of course Kaname’s vehicle
won’t be drivable again
until they’re able
to replace all of the tires.
‐ I’m willing to wait
for those things to happen.
‐ But without a car,
we can’t escape from that girl,
so despite
your promise you made,
I believe
it’s no longer possible
to leave this battle
without killing.
As I’m sure you’re aware,
it takes time to reel in
a big fish like this.
Therefore, let’s make time
our ally, not our foe.
‐ [annoyed] Really.
I wasn’t expecting that
from you.
I’m not sure I’d call him
an undiscovered genius.
Perhaps a diamond in the rough.
All right. Then I lose.
ANNOUNCER: The game is over!
Sunset Ravens were victorious!
‐ Did we really win?
‐ To be fair, it’s more
like she stopped the fight
as a show of mercy.
SOTA: Good enough for me!
A win is a win!
RYUJI: I guess so.
‐ Are you sure this is okay?
‐ Yeah, it’s great.
We went up against
the top‐ranked player
and beat her
with zero casualties.
Listen up, Xuelan.
No recruiting my teammates.
If we work together,
we need ground rules.
‐ Nonsense.
If you recall, I never promised
anything if you won the match.
Why would I negotiate
about something
I never agreed to
in the first place?
‐ [gasps]
She’s right.
We never worked out
her end of the deal.
‐ But that doesn’t mean
I won’t help you.
I’ll join Sunset Ravens,
and Ximing will follow suit.
This way, I can judge
whether you’re enough of a man
‐ to stand at my side.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [both gasp]
‐ [chuckles]
Sounds like a perfect setup.
‐ I won’t allow it!
’Cause she’s arrogant!
She won’t listen to you!
‐ Don’t do it, Kaname.
You’re letting a fox
in the henhouse!
‐ We shouldn’t make deals
with an outsider,
much less allow her
to be in our clan!
KANAME: That’s true.
I’m sure she has
no sense of camaraderie
and she would betray us all
at the drop of a hat.
But she isn’t the type
to go back on her word.
She proved that to us today.
So I’m gonna let you
join the Sunset Ravens
if you can make me one promise.
‐ What’s that?
‐ If you ever decide
to betray our clan,
then you come after me first.
I refuse to let you attack
anyone else before me.
‐ [chuckles]
Fine, I promise.
If that ever happens,
then yours will be
the first back that I stab.
‐ [gasps]
Hmph. Then welcome
to the Sunset Ravens.
I guess that
makes us allies, right?
[Japanese music playing]
‐ [static crackles]
‐ WANG: Hey, Shinji,
turn the camera on, would you?
‐ [sobbing]
‐ I’m already filming, sir!
‐ Then you
gotta come in closer.
Otherwise, we’re never
gonna get the message across!
‐ Uh, right!
‐ All right.
Kaname Sudo,
are you watching?
It’s your buddy, Wang.
I couldn’t
get in touch with you
on account of not knowing
where you’re hiding,
so I decided I would make you
a little video greeting
to say hello.
And you’ll probably recognize
my chubby costar here.
Hey! Lift up your head!
Poor pathetic bastard!
Kinda looks like his days
of holding chopsticks and
teacups are over for good.
And if you don’t
come to talk to me soon,
he’s not gonna
be able to take
any more
afternoon strolls, either.
You can figure out the location
for yourself, dumb‐ass.
I’ll see you there.
KANAME: Next time: "Old One."